

My project is about ballon selling website creation.

Well, in my page i have created a Homepage, Productpage, About page, Contact page.

In my home page in the header part i have added logo and companys name on left side corner and coming to the right side i have added search bar, 
products, about, contactus tabs. By clciking on the tabs it will be redirect to their respective pages i.e by clicking on Product tab it will be redirect 
to productpage.
 
I used the header and Footer part same for all 4 pages. Down of the header part i have nav bars with different items that i am going to promote by clicking 
on those it will be redirect to product page.

In the Home page after the main nav bar i have an image with beautiful lines about my ballon comapany. After the image i have few paragraphs which styled 
with grid.

In my Product page i have few lines about my products and their offers and down of it i have my products with their product descriptions, prices which styled
with grid.

In my About page i have my Company's founder image and beside of it i have few lines about her.

In my contact page i gave the phone number, email address, address and opening hours of office. There is also a form for the customers to get the company's 
offers, promotions via email. So, for this part i have given an input part for the customers to fill their mail id and a button to subscribe. so that by 
clicking on subscribe button it has to redirect to home page for now. I have a form validation done with the javascript.

For upcoming part I am planning to create a login part in Home page and create a cart option in the product page so, that by clicking on product it should 
save to cart. For the about page there will be a Let's Talk button and by clicking on that the chat window will be open. Coming to the contact page i have 
ideas of keeping the maps location down the contact page and also facebook, instagram, twitter icons to see my comapany's social media platforms.